[Music]
I like this outfit I'm very nervous are
you really I've loved it for such a long
time oh that's nice thank you I
appreciate that somebody loves me
finally did you get to be Tom Hanks
that's better than meeting me for sure
absolutely agreed yes well it's a
pleasure to have you here yeah he was my
first ever crush Tom Hanks really Wow
what will girls have gone far astray
okay that's the one I'm not feeling
quite as flattered anymore but is it the
crew-cut that you enjoy I love did you
ever see mr. Rogers neighborhood no we
don't have kind programming in England
none at all
no we don't teach about you know nothing
my neighbor we teach her to fear and
hate thy neighbor is it yeah strange
over to talk to you in the street you
have to hold your handbag closer to you
and look at them suspiciously no we're
terrible cold dead people Mary Poppins
but we're not we're trash there you
think in general there's an
unfriendliness that courses through
society there yeah wow I didn't know I
never really got that sense stick out
the bomb I guess so by the way I was
thinking about Tom Hanks and I was
thinking about one of your co-stars on
the good place Ted Danson who to me is
like the Tom Hanks of television you
know and of course Tom did some
television and Ted's done some movies
but he's like got that same we all love
him quality it do you have you found
that from him I hate him
you don't like no I love him he's so
wonderful he taught me everything I know
so if anyone ever thought I was bad on
the good place that's Ted's fault not
mine wouldn't Ted teach you he taught me
how to act with mercy he was very good
at just teaching me how to stay alive
like he told me early on because I kept
on getting a fever just from filming
which shows how pathetic I was a doctor
once told me I'm clinically weak
which isn't a conditioners just that Ted
noticed that I was fatigued who's
running rings around me and he's 40
years older than me which he would hate
me saying on television but I started
trying to jog because of him and the
first time I tried I almost died so from
jogging yeah what happened well so I
went jogging I went at about 6 p.m. in
the evening I went out dressed like a
ninja head to toe in black because la
doesn't feel very safe on the street I'm
jogging I'm running down a big road
called La Cienega there's a traffic stop
I guess you call it in the middle what's
it called a traffic island yeah there's
three lanes of traffic on either side oh
yeah I am
I stopped because of the traffic I'm
listening to Beyonce very loud and I
guess because I'm very tall
I have disturbed a branch on the tree
what I don't know is and I find this out
as a kind of a cloud of black descends
upon me that there's a beehive on that
tree very much so pissed off the Beehive
that are now all over me so I just start
running into traffic that is my natural
instinct is to run into six lanes of
traffic I run in a car hits me oh yeah
no I get knocked over by a car I've just
started filming the good place by the
way but the cars thankfully slowing down
because it sees a woman covered in a
poem of bees so they hit me while
slowing down I go down the bees come
down on me I get back up I start running
again
the bees continue to chase me for
another five minutes
till finally I turn a corner I run down
a street called third which is a very
big Street there is a taco Club I guess
it's a club / taco bar people standing
outside smoking and I think to myself
and this is like it's terrible when
you're in a moment of emergency to
realize what an awful person you are but
I looked at those people smoking and I
was like you already don't care about
your lives
[Laughter]
to all of these smoking people and then
I get down on the ground and I army
crawl into the juice bar next door and
watch everyone gets stung there are
handbags flying cigarettes flying it's
mayhem and I was fine this is why you
can never exercise it's so dangerous
no this would be a perfect scenario for
your television show wouldn't it yeah
it's only a shame this wasn't captured
on video the misery index explained the
idea of this show so the misery index is
a game show it's on TBS is with the
Impractical Jokers
and we have to basically rank the most
miserable events that can happen to
people it's kind of self-perpetuating
stupidity we're not punching down it's
not cruel it's just based on human error
yes and there's a scale of 1 to 100 and
we're gonna give you different scenarios
that are hideous and you have to figure
out where on the scale of 1 to 100 those
things go for the chance to win $30,000
as determined by whom as determined by
wealth psychologists the best
psychologists in the world they work out
the scale and then you try and win money
based on other people's our slogan is
how to make a fortune from other
people's misfortune right and what's the
worst thing you've seen on the show so
far there was a woman who has explosive
diarrhea whenever she orgasms yeah
that's bad yeah the thing that's good
about the show is about that it's
divisive a lot of people were screaming
at each other and arguing and the
audience because it's all subjective and
it's an amazing way to find out who in
your life is associate
tamati you and your so there's it's
useful as well yeah well congratulations
on the show is called the misery index
it's Tuesday nights 10:30 TBS Jameela
Jamil everybody thank you
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it